---
title: "hancing Resilience in Mobile Edge Computing Under Processing Uncertainty"
collection: publications
permalink: /publications/JSAC2023
excerpt: ''
date: Mar. 2023
venue: 'IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications'
paperurl: 
citation:
---
**Abstract**: — Task offloading is a powerful tool in Mobile Edge Computing (MEC). However, in many practical scenarios, the number of required processing cycles of a task is unknown beforehand and only known until its completion. This poses a serious challenge in making offloading decisions as the number of processing cycles is a key parameter to determine whether a task’s deadline can be met. To cope with such processing uncertainty, we formulate a Chance-Constrained Program (CCP) that offers probabilistic guarantees to task deadlines. The goal is to minimize energy consumption for the users while meeting the probabilistic task deadlines. We assume that only the means and variances of the random processing cycles are available, without any knowledge of distribution functions. We employ a powerful tool called Exact Conic Reformulation (ECR) that reformulates probabilistic deadline constraints into deterministic ones. Subsequently, we design an online solution called EPD (Energy-minimized solution with Probabilistic Deadline guarantee) for periodic scheduling and schedule updates during run time. We show that EPD can address the processing uncertainty with probabilistic deadline guarantees while minimizing the users’ energy consumption.

[Read more](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10007803)
